org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/PreStartState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.PreStartState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/RoleSpectatorApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectatorApplier
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectatorApplier$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/SpectatorChat.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.SpectatorChat
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/broadcast/GameStartTimeConversation.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeConversation
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeConversation$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeConversation$IpPrompt
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeConversation$JoinTimePrompt
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeConversation$StartTimePrompt
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioGoldLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioGoldLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/consume/ScenarioSoup.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioSoup
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/border/Border.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.Border
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/BorderCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.BorderCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/DamageCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.DamageCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/DisableItemListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.DisableItemListener
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.DisableItemListener$DisabledChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/staff/OreAlert.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.staff.OreAlert
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/RolePlayerHider.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.RolePlayerHider
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/SpectateMode.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.SpectateMode
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/RoleChat.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.RoleChat
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/SetSpawnCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.SetSpawnCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/broadcast/GameStartTimeInfo.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeInfo
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.GameStartTimeInfo$GameStartTimeInfoBuilder
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/ScenarioListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.ScenarioListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/SplitTeamCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.SplitTeamCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/BorderCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.BorderCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/player/UHCPlayerDamageEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.player.UHCPlayerDamageEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/AddCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.AddCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioBloodDiamonds.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioBloodDiamonds
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/PlayerChat.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.PlayerChat
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/SidebarThemeSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.SidebarThemeSettingsMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PlayerStateListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayerStateListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/RoleStaffBoard.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.RoleStaffBoard
org/mcwonderland/uhc/hook/CustomOreGeneratorHook.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.hook.CustomOreGeneratorHook
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/UHCGameSettingsSaver.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.UHCGameSettingsSaver
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/CenterCleanerMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.CenterCleanerMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/MainGui.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.MainGui
org/mcwonderland/uhc/hook/voice/TeamVoices.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.hook.voice.TeamVoices
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingQuitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingQuitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/UHCWorldUtils.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.UHCWorldUtils
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/ScenarioConfig.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.ScenarioConfig
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/ScenarioManager.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.ScenarioManager
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/sub/UHCScoreboardSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.sub.UHCScoreboardSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/death/ScenarioSwapInventory.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioSwapInventory
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/InventoryContent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.InventoryContent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/BroadcastSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BroadcastSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BroadcastSettingsMenu$BroadcastButton
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BroadcastSettingsMenu$BroadcastButton$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/SecondTimer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.SecondTimer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/disable/ScenarioRodLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.disable.ScenarioRodLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/PromoteCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.PromoteCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/StartCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.StartCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/NetherCloseCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.NetherCloseCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/LobbyLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.LobbyLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/events/UHCBlockBreakEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.events.UHCBlockBreakEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/Sounds.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Commands
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$Border
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$Damage
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$FinalHeal
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$Lobby
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$NetherClose
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$Pvp
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Countdown$Start
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Game
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Host
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Sounds$Tutorial
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/object/UHCTeam.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.object.UHCTeam
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/border/MovingBorder.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.MovingBorder
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/deathmsg/DeathMessageHandler.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.deathmsg.DeathMessageHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/ResetTeamCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.ResetTeamCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/TeleportingState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.TeleportingState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/UHCPermission.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.UHCPermission
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/broadcast/AbstractBroadcastSender.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.AbstractBroadcastSender
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/RoleSpectatorHider.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectatorHider
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/Countdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.Countdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/ListCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.ListCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/WorldInitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.WorldInitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/Chat.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.Chat
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/Timers.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.Timers
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/RelogExpireChecker.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.RelogExpireChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamCreatedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamCreatedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/StopCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.StopCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/game/SendCoordsCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.game.SendCoordsCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/InviteCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.InviteCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/FinalHealCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.FinalHealCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/BlockListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.BlockListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/RoleBoard.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.RoleBoard
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/BorderUtil.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.BorderUtil
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.BorderUtil$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.BorderUtil$1$CoordsData
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/StartingMotdListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.StartingMotdListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/DisableItemListMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.DisableItemListMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/enums/TeamSplitMode.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.enums.TeamSplitMode
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/border/BorderType.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.BorderType
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioBenchBlitz.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioBenchBlitz
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/StartingQuitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.StartingQuitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/ToolListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.ToolListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/damage/ScenarioNoFall.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.damage.ScenarioNoFall
org/mcwonderland/uhc/References.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.References
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioVanillaPlus.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioVanillaPlus
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioVanillaPlus$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/CombatRelogListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.CombatRelogListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/GameLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.GameLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PlayingQuitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingQuitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/EnabledScenariosMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.EnabledScenariosMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/GeneratorSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.GeneratorSettingsMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/RoleStaffEvents.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.RoleStaffEvents
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/SimpleRoleFactory.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.SimpleRoleFactory
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.SimpleRoleFactory$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/StaffOptions.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.StaffOptions
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioSilkWeb.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioSilkWeb
org/mcwonderland/uhc/WonderlandUHC.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.WonderlandUHC
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/UHCTool.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.UHCTool
org/mcwonderland/uhc/stats/storages/StatsStorageSql.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.stats.storages.StatsStorageSql
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/ScoreLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.ScoreLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/populator/OreGen.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.populator.OreGen
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/VeinMiner.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.VeinMiner
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/InvinciblePlayer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.InvinciblePlayer
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.InvinciblePlayer$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.InvinciblePlayer$InvinciblePlayerTask
org/mcwonderland/uhc/stats/storages/StatsStorageYaml.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.stats.storages.StatsStorageYaml
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/join/UHCJoinEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.join.UHCJoinEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/sub/UHCTimerSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.sub.UHCTimerSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PlayingJoinListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingJoinListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/AbstractScenario.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.AbstractScenario
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/EmptyCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.EmptyCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/sub/UHCBorderSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.sub.UHCBorderSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/cuboid/Cuboid.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.cuboid.Cuboid
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.cuboid.Cuboid$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/RoleHider.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.RoleHider
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/tutorial/model/TutorialSection.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.model.TutorialSection
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/tutorial/model/TutorialListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.model.TutorialListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/rush/ScenarioFastSmelting.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.rush.ScenarioFastSmelting
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.rush.ScenarioFastSmelting$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/YamlConfigLoader.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.YamlConfigLoader
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/freeze/FreezeType.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.freeze.FreezeType
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/RoleApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.RoleApplier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/TeamsLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.TeamsLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/UHCLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.UHCLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/SwitchTeamCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.SwitchTeamCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/StaffLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.StaffLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/login/checker/LoginChecker.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.login.checker.LoginChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/PlayerUtils.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.PlayerUtils
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/DeathPlayer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.DeathPlayer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/hook/voice/DiscordVoiceHook.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.hook.voice.DiscordVoiceHook
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/StatsCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.StatsCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/RoleSpectatorEvents.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectatorEvents
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/Game.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.Game
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamQuitedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamQuitedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/tutorial/model/Tutorial.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.model.Tutorial
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/rush/ScenarioCutClean.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.rush.ScenarioCutClean
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.rush.ScenarioCutClean$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/practice/SimplePractice.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.practice.SimplePractice
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/UHCTeam.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.UHCTeam
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PlayingLoginListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingLoginListener
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingLoginListener$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingLoginListener$BypassGameStartedChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/damage/ScenarioFireLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.damage.ScenarioFireLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/ScenariosCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.ScenariosCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/SoloLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.SoloLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/InventoryListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.InventoryListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/StartingState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.StartingState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/ListCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.ListCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/game/UHCGameSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.game.UHCGameSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/join/DefaultJoinMessage.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.join.DefaultJoinMessage
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/Extra.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.Extra
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/UHCTimerEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.UHCTimerEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/death/ScenarioTimeBomb.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioTimeBomb
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioTimeBomb$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioTimeBomb$ChestExplodeTicker
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioTimeBomb$TimeBombChest
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioTimeBomb$TimeBombRunner
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/join/JoinBehavior.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.join.JoinBehavior
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/BorderSizeUpdater.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.BorderSizeUpdater
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/sub/UHCTeamSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.sub.UHCTeamSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/SettingsCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.SettingsCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/UHCCommandGroup.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.UHCCommandGroup
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/disable/ScenarioNoEnchant.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.disable.ScenarioNoEnchant
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/GameTimerRunnable.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.GameTimerRunnable
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/MLGCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.MLGCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/game/UHCBorderSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.game.UHCBorderSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/InventoryViewer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.InventoryViewer
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.InventoryViewer$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.InventoryViewer$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.InventoryViewer$3
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/deathmsg/DeathMessages.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.deathmsg.DeathMessages
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/Timer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.Timer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/events/UHCGamingDeathEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.events.UHCGamingDeathEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/CommonListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.CommonListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/PvpCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.PvpCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/Teleporter.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.Teleporter
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/BorderSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$4
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$5
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$6
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.BorderSettingsMenu$BorderTypeButtonConfig
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/consume/ScenarioFoodNeophobia.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioFoodNeophobia
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/ButtonLocalization.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.ButtonLocalization
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/player/UHCPlayerEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.player.UHCPlayerEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/ChunkFiller.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.ChunkFiller
org/mcwonderland/uhc/hook/packet/SoundController.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.hook.packet.SoundController
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/UHCGameSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.UHCGameSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/TeamSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$3$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$4
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSettingsMenu$5
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/death/ScenarioNoClean.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioNoClean
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamPlayerEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamPlayerEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/rush/ScenarioHastyBoys.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.rush.ScenarioHastyBoys
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/VersionComparator.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.VersionComparator
org/mcwonderland/uhc/practice/CommonPracticeListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.practice.CommonPracticeListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/game/UHCTimerSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.game.UHCTimerSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioLuckyLeaves.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioLuckyLeaves
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/player/UHCPlayerDamageByEntityEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.player.UHCPlayerDamageByEntityEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/join/JoinListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.join.JoinListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/QuitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.QuitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/ConfigCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.ConfigCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/Lobby.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.Lobby
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/UHCPlayers.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.UHCPlayers
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/BooleanEvents.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.BooleanEvents
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/staff/StaffOptionsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu$OreAlertButton
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffOptionsMenu$ToggleShowButton
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/staff/StaffOptions.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.staff.StaffOptions
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/cuboid/SelectMode.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.cuboid.SelectMode
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/death/PlayingDeathListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.death.PlayingDeathListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/JoinCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.JoinCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/GamePlaceholderReplacer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.GamePlaceholderReplacer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/ScenarioSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScenarioSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScenarioSettingsMenu$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/EmptyRoleApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.EmptyRoleApplier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/consume/ScenarioPotionLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioPotionLess
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioPotionLess$Listener_1_14
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioPotionLess$Listener_1_9
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/TeamModeSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TeamModeSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TeamModeSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TeamModeSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TeamModeSettingsMenu$3
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioTimber.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioTimber
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/ChatListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.ChatListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/teleport/PointTeleport.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.teleport.PointTeleport
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/TeamOwnerCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.TeamOwnerCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/EmptyMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.EmptyMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/freeze/FreezeMode.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.freeze.FreezeMode
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/TeamSubCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.TeamSubCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/StaffChat.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.StaffChat
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/ViewHealCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.ViewHealCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/MainSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$10
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$11
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$12
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$13
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$14
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$15
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$4
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$5
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$6
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$7
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$8
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.MainSettingsMenu$9
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PlayingMotdListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PlayingMotdListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingJoinListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingJoinListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioTripleOres.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioTripleOres
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/DamageListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.DamageListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PaperListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PaperListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/Registry.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.Registry
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/PlayerHider.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.PlayerHider
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/RoleStaffApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.RoleStaffApplier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/SimpleGameState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.SimpleGameState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioArmorVsHealth.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioArmorVsHealth
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioArmorVsHealth$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioArmorVsHealth$AttributeHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/UniqueQueue.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.UniqueQueue
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/DamageListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.DamageListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/StartingLoginListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.StartingLoginListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/ReloadCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.ReloadCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/PublicCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.PublicCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioDiamondLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioDiamondLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/annotation/FilePath.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.annotation.FilePath
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/GiveAllCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.GiveAllCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/freeze/SitFreeze.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.freeze.SitFreeze
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/GameUtils.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.GameUtils
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/InventorySaver.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.InventorySaver
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.InventorySaver$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.InventorySaver$SaveType
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/border/blockborder/BlockBorder.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.blockborder.BlockBorder
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/WorldFillListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.WorldFillListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingLoginListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingLoginListener
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingLoginListener$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingLoginListener$ConfigChecker
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingLoginListener$FullChecker
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingLoginListener$GeneratingChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/GameSettingsScenarioListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.GameSettingsScenarioListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/staff/StaffMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.staff.StaffMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/Settings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Border
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$CenterCleaner
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$ChunkLoading
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$CombatRelog
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$DiscordVoice
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Game
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Misc
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Mysql
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$OldEnchant
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Practice
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Spectator
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Settings$Team
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/login/LoginListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.login.LoginListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioTripleArrow.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioTripleArrow
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/StartCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.StartCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/death/UHCDeathDataHandler.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.death.UHCDeathDataHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/ScoreBoardUpdater.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.ScoreBoardUpdater
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.ScoreBoardUpdater$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.ScoreBoardUpdater$ScoreUpdateCallback
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.ScoreBoardUpdater$SidebarUpdater
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/ScoreListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.ScoreListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/RespawnCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.RespawnCommand
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.RespawnCommand$RespawnHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/Role.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.Role
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/CommandHelper.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.CommandHelper
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioIronMan.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioIronMan
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/RolePlayerBoard.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.RolePlayerBoard
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/SidebarLinesGetter.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.SidebarLinesGetter
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/RemoveCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.RemoveCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/TpUHCWorldCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.TpUHCWorldCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/RoleEventHandler.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.RoleEventHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/model/InventoryEditButton.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.model.InventoryEditButton
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.model.InventoryEditButton$GoldenHeadChanger
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/LeaveCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.LeaveCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioLimitations.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioLimitations
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioLimitations$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioLimitations$OreMined
org/mcwonderland/uhc/Dependency.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.Dependency
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioFragileRods.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioFragileRods
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/Messages.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$CenterCleaner
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$ChatFormat
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Console
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$CountDown
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$CountDown$Border
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$CountDown$Border$Shrink
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$CountDown$Border$Timer
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Dependency
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$DiscordVoice
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Broadcast
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Inventory
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Inventory$CustomDrops
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Inventory$CustomInventory
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Inventory$DisableItems
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Inventory$PracticeInventory
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number$BorderShrinkSpeed
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number$BorderSize
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number$FinalSizeOrShrinkModeBorder
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number$MaxPlayers
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Number$NetherBorderSize
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Text
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Text$TeamCharacter
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Text$TeamName
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Text$Title
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$BorderShrink
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$Damage
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$DisableNether
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$FinalHeal
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$Pvp
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Editor$Time$ShrinkCalculator
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Game
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Game$NoClean
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Host
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Kick
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Lobby
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Motd
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Spectator
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Staff
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Symbol
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Team
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Updater
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.Messages$Updater$Failed
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/ChooseWorldCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.ChooseWorldCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/GoldenHeadListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.GoldenHeadListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/IPvPListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.IPvPListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/UHCMainCommandGroup.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.UHCMainCommandGroup
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/GameChangeSettingsEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.GameChangeSettingsEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/RegenWorldCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.RegenWorldCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingCommonListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingCommonListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/spawn/Spawns.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.spawn.Spawns
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/WorldUtils.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.WorldUtils
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/countdown/LobbyCountdown.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.countdown.LobbyCountdown
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/SetHostCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.SetHostCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/ScoreboardSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScoreboardSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScoreboardSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScoreboardSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScoreboardSettingsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.ScoreboardSettingsMenu$3$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/enums/RoleName.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.enums.RoleName
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/freeze/PotionFreeze.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.freeze.PotionFreeze
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/RoleSpectatorBoard.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectatorBoard
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/deathmsg/DeathMessageFormatter.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.deathmsg.DeathMessageFormatter
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/starting/StartingJoinListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.starting.StartingJoinListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/LeaveCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.LeaveCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/stats/UHCStats.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.stats.UHCStats
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/special/ScenarioBackPack.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.special.ScenarioBackPack
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/damage/ScenarioLessBowDamage.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.damage.ScenarioLessBowDamage
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/TeamModifier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.TeamModifier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/damage/ScenarioDamageDogers.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.damage.ScenarioDamageDogers
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/DamageEnableEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.DamageEnableEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/CommandSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Border
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Config
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$GiveAll
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Heal
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Respawn
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$SendCoords
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$SetSpawn
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team$Chat
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team$Create
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team$Invite
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team$Join
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Team$Kick
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$TeamList
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$TopKills
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Uhc
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Uhc$Choose
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Uhc$Regen
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Uhc$SetHost
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Uhc$SpecToggle
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.CommandSettings$Whitelist
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/line/StartingLines.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.line.StartingLines
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/game/BackPackCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.game.BackPackCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/UHCPlayer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.UHCPlayer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/SidebarTheme.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.SidebarTheme
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.SidebarTheme$ThemeLoader
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/TabHealthType.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.TabHealthType
org/mcwonderland/uhc/update/OldMenusCheck.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.update.OldMenusCheck
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/ClearCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.ClearCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/PlayersMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.PlayersMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/login/UHCLoginEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.login.UHCLoginEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/RolePlayerApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.RolePlayerApplier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/teleport/TeleportMode.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.teleport.TeleportMode
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/CacheSaver.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.CacheSaver
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/game/SpecToggleCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.game.SpecToggleCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/update/Updater.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.update.Updater
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/consume/ScenarioAbsorptionLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.consume.ScenarioAbsorptionLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/GameManager.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.GameManager
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/SimpleRoleBoard.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.SimpleRoleBoard
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/ItemListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.ItemListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/scenario/ScenarioInitEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.scenario.ScenarioInitEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/game/PracticeCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.game.PracticeCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/PvPEnableEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.PvPEnableEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/TeamSelectorMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSelectorMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.TeamSelectorMenu$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/PlayingState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.PlayingState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/OldEnchantListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.OldEnchantListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/SavedSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.SavedSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.SavedSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.SavedSettingsMenu$2
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/InteractListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.InteractListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/player/UHCPlayerRespawnedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.player.UHCPlayerRespawnedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/teleport/RandomTeleport.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.teleport.RandomTeleport
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioFastObsidian.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioFastObsidian
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/spawn/UHCSpawn.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.spawn.UHCSpawn
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/TeamCommandGroup.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.TeamCommandGroup
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/game/StatsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.StatsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.game.StatsMenu$StatsButton
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/CombatRelog.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.CombatRelog
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/RolePlayer.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.RolePlayer
org/mcwonderland/uhc/practice/Practice.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.practice.Practice
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/KickCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.KickCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/ItemSimilarChecker.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.ItemSimilarChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/GenerateUtil.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.GenerateUtil
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/teleport/TeleportType.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.teleport.TeleportType
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/DisbandCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.DisbandCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/deathmsg/DeathMessageLoader.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.deathmsg.DeathMessageLoader
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/model/ColorPickerMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.model.ColorPickerMenu
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/SimpleScores.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.SimpleScores
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PortalListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PortalListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/border/TimerBorder.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.TimerBorder
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.border.TimerBorder$TeleportTask
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scoreboard/SimpleSidebar.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scoreboard.SimpleSidebar
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/scenario/ScenarioEnabledEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.scenario.ScenarioEnabledEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/sub/UHCItemSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.sub.UHCItemSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/game/UHCTeamSettings.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.game.UHCTeamSettings
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/death/ScenarioShiftKill.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.death.ScenarioShiftKill
org/mcwonderland/uhc/stats/storages/StatsStorage.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.stats.storages.StatsStorage
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/VoiceListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.VoiceListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/scenario/ScenarioDisabledEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.scenario.ScenarioDisabledEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/ConfigBasedScenario.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.ConfigBasedScenario
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/TopKillsCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.TopKillsCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/Scenario.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.Scenario
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/ChatCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.ChatCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/hook/packet/PacketRegister.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.hook.packet.PacketRegister
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/impl/host/TimeSettingsMenu.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu$2
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu$3
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu$4
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.impl.host.TimeSettingsMenu$5
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/RoleStaff.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.RoleStaff
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/preparing/PreparingMotdListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingMotdListener
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.preparing.PreparingMotdListener$1
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioVeinMiners.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioVeinMiners
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/login/checker/WhitelistChecker.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.login.checker.WhitelistChecker
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/UHCStartedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.UHCStartedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/StaffCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.StaffCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/WhitelistCommandGroup.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.WhitelistCommandGroup
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/ScenarioName.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.ScenarioName
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/AutoLoadStaticConfig.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.AutoLoadStaticConfig
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamJoinedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamJoinedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/team/CreateCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.team.CreateCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/InvViewListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.InvViewListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/info/DisableItemsCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.info.DisableItemsCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/EditCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.EditCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/GameState.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.GameState
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/damage/ScenarioSwitcheroo.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.damage.ScenarioSwitcheroo
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/staff/RoleStaffHider.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.staff.RoleStaffHider
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/StateName.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.StateName
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/FinalHealEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.FinalHealEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/SimpleLocation.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.SimpleLocation
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/timer/GameEndEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.timer.GameEndEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/RuntimeUtil.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.RuntimeUtil
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/UHCMenuSection.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.UHCMenuSection
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/CenterCleaner.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.CenterCleaner
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.CenterCleaner$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.CenterCleaner$BIOME_THRESHOLD
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/uhc/TutorialCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.uhc.TutorialCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/broadcast/impl/DiscordBroadcastSender.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.broadcast.impl.DiscordBroadcastSender
org/mcwonderland/uhc/util/PotionApplier.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.util.PotionApplier
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/block/ScenarioDoubleOrNothing.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.block.ScenarioDoubleOrNothing
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/LobbyQuitListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.LobbyQuitListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/PearlDamageListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.PearlDamageListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/WonderlandUHCApi.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.WonderlandUHCApi
org/mcwonderland/uhc/practice/AbstractPractice.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.practice.AbstractPractice
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/disable/ScenarioBowLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.disable.ScenarioBowLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/api/event/team/TeamDisbandedEvent.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.api.event.team.TeamDisbandedEvent
org/mcwonderland/uhc/menu/model/UHCNumberEditButton.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.menu.model.UHCNumberEditButton
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/join/ClearBehavior.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.join.ClearBehavior
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/tutorial/UHCConfigTutorial.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$AnyQuestions
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$CreatingWorldTutorialSection
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$EditorMenuTutorialSection
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$FilterWorldTutorialSection
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$Intro
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$PrepareForNextOne
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCConfigTutorial$TemplateTutorialSection
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/timer/impl/ScatterHandler.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.timer.impl.ScatterHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/scenario/impl/disable/ScenarioHorseLess.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.scenario.impl.disable.ScenarioHorseLess
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/settings/LoadingStatus.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.settings.LoadingStatus
org/mcwonderland/uhc/settings/UHCFiles.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.settings.UHCFiles
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/share/MotdListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.share.MotdListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/listener/StatsListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.listener.StatsListener
org/mcwonderland/uhc/update/Updaters.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.update.Updaters
org/mcwonderland/uhc/model/tutorial/UHCHostTutorial.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$CheckSettingsSection
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$Intro
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$PrepareForStart
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$StaffOptionsTutorial
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$TeamTutorialSection
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$UsefulCommands
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$WaitingPlayer
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.model.tutorial.UHCHostTutorial$WhitelistTutorial
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/player/RolePlayerEvents.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.player.RolePlayerEvents
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/impl/host/whitelist/WhitelistSubCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.impl.host.whitelist.WhitelistSubCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/spectator/RoleSpectator.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.spectator.RoleSpectator
org/mcwonderland/uhc/populator/Populator.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.populator.Populator
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.populator.Populator$1
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.populator.Populator$PopulatorLoader
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/state/playing/listener/StatsListener.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.StatsListener
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.state.playing.listener.StatsListener$StaffAlert
org/mcwonderland/uhc/game/player/role/models/EmptyEventHandler.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.game.player.role.models.EmptyEventHandler
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/Hotbars.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.Hotbars
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/lobby/SettingsBook.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.lobby.SettingsBook
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/spectator/TeleportZeroZeroItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.spectator.TeleportZeroZeroItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/command/TestCommand.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.command.TestCommand
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/lobby/TeamsItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.lobby.TeamsItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/lobby/TeamSettingsItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.lobby.TeamSettingsItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/spectator/RandomTeleportItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.spectator.RandomTeleportItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/spectator/NetherPlayersItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.spectator.NetherPlayersItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/spectator/OverworldPlayersItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.spectator.OverworldPlayersItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/spectator/ToggleGameModeItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.spectator.ToggleGameModeItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/staff/StaffOptionsItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.staff.StaffOptionsItem
org/mcwonderland/uhc/tools/lobby/LeaveItem.java
 org.mcwonderland.uhc.tools.lobby.LeaveItem
